hey honey what's breakfast this morning
[ __ ] please hey
can't you just tell me what's for
breakfast my [ __ ] please
cory is not a supremacist he just
acknowledges racial differences
[Music]
little thing of like you know people you
know claiming that oh well then what are
you doing in america
because you know that wasn't your
homeland etc
we came we have the ability
the better man wins that's how it works
and
you know it's supposed to have evolution
wise exactly whereas in africa
it's literally like the most violent man
gets the most women
you know in these kind of situations um
so they just have not evolved in the
same way but we have [ __ ] please
we we developed these you know complex
societies these
the great architecture the great artwork
the great music the science the
literature et cetera et cetera et cetera
et cetera
not to mention the wheel yeah meanwhile
our counterparts in other countries
were living in mud huts and carrying
baskets on our head
[Music]
um ironically we're actually corey's
here wearing a butter t-shirt and
i'm here reading buddhism for dummies
and we're both vegan so just so you know
we're not just like
we're not just like some bloodthirsty
love killing
inferior beings or something no if the
native population of a uh territory that
we went into
uh was capable of defeating us we would
have been defeated we would have left
you know it wouldn't have worked out
very well but you know the only reason
we were able to do it is because why why
why
we could to this day you find that a lot
of like medical research
and uh is being conducted also in
america and australia and
why would that be think about that
because the r1b haplogroup then
was sent over to those two places
they're colonies just look at every
single
civilized country in the world um aside
from the east asians which are kind of
like a separate issue that we could talk
about
another time i don't really need to get
into it um
they're all colonized by white people
you know you were
i know you can't help being born under
in a specific country
with a specific you know a specific race
or a specific iq or whatever
you know but the thing is is like let's
say you're born with an 85 iq
just like somebody who's born with a
two-inch dick
two-inch dick that's like i'm sorry you
got the shin of the stick i mean
what you can't really do anything about
it but you know
you know blacks get on wipes for slavery
they want reparations for it when in
fact
blacks were selling their own kind into
slavery to
whites and to the middle east oh the
only reason that we
conquered them was because they were
such peaceful people no a lot of them
were cannibals
a lot of them were doing human
sacrifices scouting people's hair off
scale you know they were committing
genociding in their own little groups
um these these weren't just to savage
people
you know and that's what they called
routinely
savages and that's what they were when
we turned up
cory is not a supremacist [ __ ] please
hey can't you just tell me what's for
breakfast
corey mccarthy is a white supremacist in
the strictest
sense of the term he and his girlfriend
are both white supremacists they are
pro-genocide pro-empire
pro-slavery when it's white people doing
the enslaving and for some reason not
when it's the other way around
they are the worst kind of racists and
apologists
for the worst tendencies within 21st
century fascism
guess what there are some
well-intentioned black people like
richard
known as vegan gains who are apologists
for his channel do you know what the
knock-on effects of that are
idiots idiots like ask yourself aka
isaac brown
isaac a nice little white boy from
southern ontario he's probably met three
black people in his whole [ __ ] life
says oh well it's okay if he goes ahead
and makes excuses for a white
supremacist
because vegan gains is doing it that
really is the problem with black people
who try to be nice who try to make
excuses for white people
who make excuses for genocide
colonialism slavery
racism and white supremacism that's what
happens okay
my principle here is don't make excuses
for people who make excuses
in this case it's don't make excuses for
people who make excuses for racism
but really there are a lot of different
contexts we can apply this to in our
lives
isaac isaac brown ask yourself you seem
to be real upset for some [ __ ] reason
you seem to have created a controversy
out of god damn nothing there's all
kinds of garbage on your channel i could
debate and there's all kinds of garbage
on youtube we could debate
there are really meaningful important
issues what's going on in the movement
where you could apply your logical
acumen
go through the videos on my own channel
recently look at the question of
corruption within the effective activism
research
look at the numbers the hard data in a
great article by nathan harrison
i've linked so much substantive stuff
for you to dig your teeth into the book
review i did on gary francione's final
book
discussion and debate between myself and
mod vegan about that there are so many
things worth debating that could
possibly impact the future of your
channel the way your audience perceives
you and the future of the vegan movement
but this ain't one of them you created
the phoniest debate in the world
because you felt i misrepresented your
views because i mentioned you
in passing on a video about another
channel and another topic
i mentioned you in one sentence as
someone who took the same idea further
and you throw a fit because i didn't
paraphrase
your logical argument in precisely the
terms you would prefer
well gee do you think i've ever had to
deal with a situation like that do you
think i've ever had to deal with
my views being unfairly misrepresented
by other people
such as durianrider claiming that i had
a love affair with a 16 year old girl in
chiang mai on the basis
of two emails that have been publicly
stated
they're on this channel they're both
like one sentence each and the only
thing i said to that 16 year old was
basically
yeah kid you're going to look back on
this six months from now and laugh
because she was at that time brainwashed
as hell by durianrider
go to her youtube channel today six
months later i'm not sure if she's
laughing or crying but she's outgrown it
she's not brainwashed anymore
she's not part of the weight loss raw
vegan ride your bike till you gain 20
pounds
cult so people do move on i think i won
that bet
do you think i've had to deal with
larger channels like say happy healthy
vegan
totally misrepresenting what i had to
say why i said it misrepresenting who i
was criticizing why i was criticizing
them what have you
for an audience of over a hundred
thousand yeah i've put up with a lot of
that [ __ ]
and worst of all i've put up with it
from a natural vegan whose entire
campaign against me was based on lies
including a lie which really shapes the
way people the perceivable debate
she claimed that i just called her an
idiot and didn't provide any substantive
explanation of my own views
at that time already i had a stack of
videos expressing my views on that
matter and i created another stack
afterwards
she never replied to them she managed to
make it out as if i'm the one who
doesn't respond to criticism
i responded very thoroughly to her
prison she never replied to mine and she
pretended mine didn't exist
when it was already on the net at that
point okay
these people are idiots do i think
you're an idiot
yes the only real outcome of the videos
you made were to convince me
that you're someone who's not worth
talking to that you're someone who's not
worth debating
and i express that to you in the most
polite way possible
guess what you feel bad because you feel
i misrepresented your argument
you completely and utterly
misrepresented my argument
in both videos you made about me both of
them
it would be so boring to go through blow
by blow i would have to basically repeat
what was already in my former videos
but in the second video for example what
was it i had to say to you you skipped
the first
80 of the video and then only addressing
the ending 20
which is where i name you explicitly you
literally
rant and scream in a childlike way at
this camera
that i've failed to define my terms that
i have no rational argument
i did have a rational argument in that
video that you choose to ignore
i explain very clearly that some of the
issues we deal with within
vegan activism fall more into the same
category of
effective art and effective education
things that are hard to measure
and topics that your logical methods
pertain to poorly and i did that in a
very reasonable way i didn't say your
content was complete garbage
which it is your normal videos your
video addressing the morality of vegans
buying uh
dead cows to feed it to their cats you
know paying for
animal meat so that they can keep a
kitten your video about abortion
this is more on level youtube comment
content
but i'm not really going in my way to
point you out for that man
i said in the most magnanimous way
possible you're a kid
who wants to get out of a minimum wage
job earn your living on youtube and i
wish you luck
i also said in the next 10 years in
veganism maybe you can do something
positive for the movement
and if so that's great i'll be cheering
you on i don't say that to everyone i
don't say that to pieces of [ __ ] like
you
who make excuses for cory mccarthy and
his girlfriend who are the smiling face
of white supremacism on vegan youtube
that was real nice of me kid and you
know what else i said i said if you want
to take it up with me
you can meet me and have a boxing match
which you mysteriously didn't mention in
your second video either
you completely misrepresented the point
of that video there are different
categories of issues here i think your
method could apply well to some
categories
of issues or debates we have within
vegan youtube why don't you take on a
natural vegan with her argument for
so-called
tentative veganism why don't you take on
a natural vegan and the excuses she
makes
for why it's okay for a vegan to keep a
cow in captivity in their backyard for
their entire life
so they can drink the milk from that cow
to kill that cow
as long as it's painless and eat the
flesh of that cow afterwards
unnatural vegan supports peter singer's
position through her whole career she
has
that killing animals is okay eating
their flesh is okay
keeping them in captivity to produce
milk honey
or chicken eggs she believes backyard
chicken eggs
are a-okay or ethical and moral and pure
and good
and at the same time she argues that
veganism
is logically flawed untenable and bad
and that's why she only supports
tentative veganism there's a topic you
could sink your teeth into i already
mentioned take a look at the article by
uh harrison nathan
linked it i can link it again below this
video very important article
looking at really tough questions of how
the social sciences
are interpreted misinterpreted and
misrepresented in debating
effective activism and veganism in the
future of this movement take it on kid
there are some issues where your method
works well
but i was pointing out in a very
reasonable way in that earlier video
there are some issues where your method
works very poorly
and that's like the contrast between
talking about something that's effective
in economics
and something that's effective in
education or
the arts kid i said before i wish you
the best
but i'll tell you something the outcome
of this conversation
is just that you have convinced me that
you're a complete idiot
and you know what the site benefit is
you convince me that vegan gains is a
complete idiot too
for that i thank you please